[BHX-2023] Last minute speaker change (#12883)
devopsdays/devopsdays-web: content/events/2023-birmingham-uk/program/daniel-oates-lee.md

+++
Talk_date = ""
Talk_start_time = ""
Talk_end_time = ""
Title = "Git those passwords out your repos! - detecting leaked secrets at scale"
Type = "talk"
Speakers = ["daniel-oates-lee"]
+++

> * Why having secrets, passwords and certificates in your codebase is a bad idea (even if they"re private!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Why having secrets, passwords and certificates in your codebase is a bad idea (even if they're private!)
```
